Rain's Cloth V3
---------------
Updated for Unreal World V3.3

By Rain / Othobrithol
Additional Credit to Kaaven for providing almost all of the new tiles.
Leave any feedback at http://z3.invisionfree.com/UrW_forum/index.php?showtopic=1839
Permission is given to reuse this mod or its contents provided that this file is included in any redistribution and credit is attributed.
Such permission does NOT extend to simply slapping two or three new items on to it and calling it "Somebody's Super Mod featuring Rain's stuff".

Installation:
-------------
Extract this archive in your Unreal World Directory.
The .txt files (menudef_rainscloth and diy_rainscloth) in the main UrW directory should end up in the main directory.
The .png files should end up in the truetile directory
This mod does not overwrite any original files.

Description:
------------
Prepare linen or nettle cloth from the plant through a realistic and balanced multi-step process.
Use that cloth along with existing clothing to create linen or nettle clothing of your choice.
Re-use old woolen clothing to make new woolen garments of your choice.
Includes two new tools, "Distaff and Spindle" and a "Loom".
You'll also need, for various steps, a club and a knife.
Includes additional recipes for some easy string (ideal for drying or arrows), linen handwraps, hemp rope and bags.

Directions to use in the game:
------------------------------
Harvest your nettles or hemp. Do not thresh them.
Soak them in water (it helps to do this near a river/pond/lake). They will soak and rot for 14 days.
Once thoroughly retted, the materials will need to be dried for seven more days (graphic is currently a placeholder)
Dried, retted plants can then be processed by "Extract Fibre" for further refinement.
If cloth/clothing is the end desire, fibre can be spun into yarn with the distaff and then woven at the loom.
With the help of a knife and ample tying equipment (rope, thread, string, cord) you can then tailor new linen or nettle clothes out of the cloth or old garments.

Do NOT mix plant types at any stage or the label will be wrong and all materials used will be totally wasted!

Changes made:
-------------
4/23/2016 - Version 3 Release
4.24/2016 - Removed alpha channel in pngs for ios compatibility. Renamed rc-thread to rc-yarn to match in-game change.
